README.md, before:

# #1 Premium IT Solutions Boutique

A luxurious, high-end website for Sanganak - a world-class IT boutique offering Branding, UI/UX, Development, AI, and Blockchain solutions. Built with cutting-edge technologies and premium design principles.

## 🌟 Features

### Core Features
- Ultra-premium, dark & gold aesthetic design
- Cinematic animations and transitions
- 3D effects and WebGL experiences
- Responsive, mobile-first design
- High-performance and SEO optimized

### Key Pages & Components
- **Home Page**: Dynamic hero section with animated text and premium visuals
- **Services**: Showcases our elite services with luxury cards and smooth transitions
- **Portfolio**: Interactive project showcase with filtering and case studies
- **About**: Company story and values with parallax effects
- **Blog**: Rich content platform with premium article layouts
- **Support**: Comprehensive support system with FAQ and contact options

## 🚀 Tech Stack

### Frontend
- Next.js 15 with TypeScript for robust type safety
- Tailwind CSS for responsive and maintainable styling
- Framer Motion for smooth, performant animations
- GSAP for advanced animations and transitions
- Three.js with React Three Fiber for immersive 3D effects

### Performance & SEO
- Next.js App Router for optimized routing and SSR
- Image optimization with next/image
- SEO meta tags and Open Graph support
- Responsive images and lazy loading

## 🛠️ Getting Started

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Run the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

## 📦 Project Structure

### Core Directories
- `/src/app` - Next.js app router pages and layouts
  - `/page.tsx` - Home page with hero section and key features
  - `/services` - Services showcase and details
  - `/portfolio` - Project portfolio and case studies
  - `/about` - Company information and team
  - `/blog` - Blog articles and posts
  - `/support` - Support system and FAQs

### Components
- `/src/components` - Reusable React components
  - `/layout` - Layout components (Navbar, Footer)
  - `/ui` - UI components (LuxuryButton, LuxuryCard, etc.)
  - `/sections` - Page sections and features

### Assets & Utilities
- `/src/styles` - Global styles and Tailwind configuration
- `/src/lib` - Utility functions and custom hooks
- `/public` - Static assets (images, fonts, icons)

## 🔄 Component Flows

### Navigation Flow
1. MainLayout wraps all pages with Navbar and Footer
2. Navbar provides smooth section navigation
3. Mobile menu handles responsive navigation

### Page Loading Flow
1. Next.js App Router handles routing
2. Loading states during page transitions
3. Smooth animations on component mount

### Data Flow
1. Static data stored in constants
2. Dynamic content managed through state
3. Animations controlled by Framer Motion

## ✨ Contributing

This is a private project for Sanganak. Please contact the development team for contribution guidelines.

## 📝 License

All rights reserved © Sanganak 2025

Commit message:

🔄 Revise Branding and Metadata: Updated the branding from "Sanganak | #1 Premium IT Boutique" to "Sanganak HQ — Global Innovation Consultancy for Branding, Tech & Growth" across multiple files, including README, manifest, and metadata. Enhanced descriptions and keywords for improved clarity and alignment with the new branding strategy.

README.md, after:

# Sanganak HQ — Global Innovation Consultancy for Branding, Tech & Growth

A luxurious, high-end website for Sanganak HQ — a global innovation consultancy offering Branding, UI/UX, Development, AI, and Blockchain solutions. Built with cutting-edge technologies and premium design principles.

## 🌟 Features

### Core Features
- Ultra-premium, dark & gold aesthetic design
- Cinematic animations and transitions
- 3D effects and WebGL experiences
- Responsive, mobile-first design
- High-performance and SEO optimized

### Key Pages & Components
- **Home Page**: Dynamic hero section with animated text and premium visuals
- **Services**: Showcases our elite services with luxury cards and smooth transitions
- **Portfolio**: Interactive project showcase with filtering and case studies
- **About**: Company story and values with parallax effects
- **Blog**: Rich content platform with premium article layouts
- **Support**: Comprehensive support system with FAQ and contact options

## 🚀 Tech Stack

### Frontend
- Next.js 15 with TypeScript for robust type safety
- Tailwind CSS for responsive and maintainable styling
- Framer Motion for smooth, performant animations
- GSAP for advanced animations and transitions
- Three.js with React Three Fiber for immersive 3D effects

### Performance & SEO
- Next.js App Router for optimized routing and SSR
- Image optimization with next/image
- SEO meta tags and Open Graph support
- Responsive images and lazy loading

## 🛠️ Getting Started

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Run the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser

## 📦 Project Structure

### Core Directories
- `/src/app` - Next.js app router pages and layouts
  - `/page.tsx` - Home page with hero section and key features
  - `/services` - Services showcase and details
  - `/portfolio` - Project portfolio and case studies
  - `/about` - Company information and team
  - `/blog` - Blog articles and posts
  - `/support` - Support system and FAQs

### Components
- `/src/components` - Reusable React components
  - `/layout` - Layout components (Navbar, Footer)
  - `/ui` - UI components (LuxuryButton, LuxuryCard, etc.)
  - `/sections` - Page sections and features

### Assets & Utilities
- `/src/styles` - Global styles and Tailwind configuration
- `/src/lib` - Utility functions and custom hooks
- `/public` - Static assets (images, fonts, icons)

## 🔄 Component Flows

### Navigation Flow
1. MainLayout wraps all pages with Navbar and Footer
2. Navbar provides smooth section navigation
3. Mobile menu handles responsive navigation

### Page Loading Flow
1. Next.js App Router handles routing
2. Loading states during page transitions
3. Smooth animations on component mount

### Data Flow
1. Static data stored in constants
2. Dynamic content managed through state
3. Animations controlled by Framer Motion

## ✨ Contributing

This is a private project for Sanganak. Please contact the development team for contribution guidelines.

## 📝 License

All rights reserved © Sanganak 2025
